Sure enough, the emperor still can't forget that bitch
Come
Do you know how to do what the empress told you?
Don't worry
The old slave closed the river garden and could not live today
Empress help
What are you yelling about?
Say something slowly
Empress
My sister was on her knees.
For chasing his disobedient tanuki
I broke into the study by mistake
Now he is taken away by the emperor to die
What? He saw the painting in the study.
The news that the palace maid inquired about said it was
Yes.
He is touching the emperor's anti-aging
No one can save him, my lady
You can't leave us alone
We usually respect you a lot.
It's fine if the noble person is a matter next to him
But this is the only thing
This palace advises you to protect yourself
Or you and your short-lived sister
Let's go to Huangquan Road together
Come back and have a good rest
Since he is so similar to Yao Moxi
Then this palace will send you a journey of German dollars
Go get that dress out
This Jiang Yuan
Just wait to touch the emperor's anti-aging